Welcome to our rainbow studio.
I'm here with the Wookie.
We're going to continue our lambasting of
the founder of the Christian religion.
That would be Paul, not Jesus.
Jesus never existed.
So it would be pretty hard for him
to be the founder of much of anything.
And you heard that correctly.
Paul made Jesus up.
As I have shared so many times previously,
Christians are fooled into believing that
the revelation that comprises their New
Testament starts with the gospel of
Matthew, who was a disciple,
and then it is followed by the gospels
of Mark, Luke, and John,
and then the Acts of the Apostles,
and then followed by explanatory letters
that explain the life of said Jesus
Christ.
who, by the way,
is never mentioned in any of the preceding
texts, and Paul's letters.
That's not exactly close.
You see...
The Gospel of Matthew was written by an
imposter.
We have no idea who he may have
been.
It was first penned around ninety five to
one hundred CE,
at least three generations,
some sixty years after the fact.
And that the individual who wrote it had
nothing to do with the events that had
taken place six decades previously.
it's entirely plagiarized in fact it's not
even a very good job of plagiarism uh
some seventy to eighty percent of the book
of Matthew was plagiarized from mark and
Luke
And the twenty percent that wasn't
plagiarized from Mark and Luke was stolen
from the Ebyownym,
who were Hebrew speakers who wrote what
was actually said during the Sermon on the
Mount and the Olivet Discourse down when
it was the real Messiah and Son of
God, David, who gave those speeches.
So that's a major swing and a miss
if you think that Matthew is the first
book of your Bible.
The second, Mark and Luke.
were both apostles of Paul.
Neither were apostles or disciples of said
Jesus.
A name, by the way, as I said,
that did not exist.
There was no person named Jesus or a
Mr. Christ in first century Judea.
The first time that the name Jesus was
actually written or spoken was in in the
third edition of the King Iams,
then James, Bible.
So not much of a history on your
man who was proclaimed to be a God.
Both of those hearsay books written by
Paul's apostles,
conveying Paul's gospel message.
The concept of a gospel was actually
conceived by Paul.
It's from euangelion,
the word that Paul coined for the purpose,
saying that it was only his gospel that
was acceptable.
And they wrote the gospel according to
Paul, with Luke mostly copying Mark,
but then adding some Odysseus and some of
the Sibian oracles and other flavor from
pagan lore to complete his book.
They were scribed in Rome sometime after
seventy-five CE,
ten years after Paul's death.
And you see,
the reason that Paul never once,
never once quotes
This gospel Jesus figure is because there
was no gospel Jesus when Paul wrote his
letters.
Gospel Jesus didn't come to exist until
Paul's apostles, Mark and Luke,
conceived him ten years after Paul's
demise.
That, of course,
destroys the entire myth of Christianity
because a man cannot have been chosen to
speak for another man when that man didn't
yet exist.
So this is the truth.
The fact of the matter is that the
first book written of the Christian New
Testament is Galatians.
It is an absolute piece of trash.
It compares to the Quran in terms of
dunderheadedness.
The best book that Paul wrote was Romans,
and we're in the process of tearing it
apart because Paul committed all manner of
rational fallacies in conceiving it.
It was, again,
an expose and dunderheadedness.
But all of Paul's letters,
the fourteen of them,
preceded the next book of the Christian
New Testament by at least a decade,
closer to fifteen years.
So Paul is the inventor of Jesus.
He is the inventor of the Christian
religion.
You can scream,
kick and holler all you want and protest
otherwise.
But I'm telling you the facts and those
facts are evidentially and rationally
indisputable.
So
Now that we know who we're dealing with,
and Paul, by the way,
admitted in the second letter he wrote to
Corinth that he was demon possessed by a
messenger of Satan,
which isn't good if you are a Christian.
He, in his preeminent thesis,
his letter to the Roman occupiers of
Judea, while he was in Rome, wrote,
So then I died.
Oh, poor Paul, I died.
I don't know,
how is he writing this if he died?
I don't know.
But anyway, he says, then I died.
I died when I was found in me
the commandment with reference to living
this wrought death.
Romans seven, ten.
That is a literal rendering of the words
as they are scribed in parchment.
I believe it's forty five.
That's the oldest extant reference to
Paul's letters dating to sometime in the
second century CE.
And so if it's not right,
you've got no hope of anything being right
in Christianity.
This is exactly how it reads.
So then I died.
I ceased to exist.
When was found in me the commandment,
the regulation,
the prescribed precept with reference to
living.
This brought death.
Romans seven, ten.
We went over that passage in our last
program,
but let me just get to the essence
of it.
There is, I should say,
there are no commandments.
The ten statements that are called the Ten
Commandments are comprised of three
statements pursuant to our relationship
with God.
The first of them says that...
God's name is Yahowah,
that he is a liberator and that we
will not continue to exist if we make
up other gods and present them in his
presence.
The second statement is very long and it
tells us, do not be religious.
Don't be associated with religious
symbols, icons like stars of David,
which have nothing to do with David,
dead gods on a stick,
crosses anything that has to do with a
graven image,
anything that had to do with religion,
anything that has to do with a societal
control mechanism in this regard,
presenting information about a God that
isn't derived directly from the Towrah,
prophets, and Psalms, don't do.
It says that fathers corrupt God.
their sons to the third and fourth
generation as a result of this.
And because of the widespread corruption
and influence of religion,
that there will be thousands that will
receive the benefits of the covenant by
being observant of its terms and
conditions.
Thousands amongst billions is one in a
million.
And the third statement says that it is
an unforgivable crime to negate the value
of Yahowah's name,
to misrepresent Yahowah's name,
which is what Paul did in his letters,
and it's pervasive throughout the
Christian New Testament.
It's what's happened in the Talmud.
And, of course,
it's current also in the Quran,
which would make all three so-called
Abrahamic religions
unforgivable,
that there is no possibility of salvation
for anyone
who adheres to the message of the
Christian New Testament,
the Judaism's Talmud, or Islam's Quran,
because they all negate the value of
Yahowah's name.
That's the first three statements that are
on the first of the two tablets.
There are seven instructions on the second
tablet,
and they speak of the importance of the
promise of seven and the seventh day of
our...
recognition of the importance of our
mother and father and our well-being.
But that mother and father are not our
earthly parents,
nor are they our heavenly father,
because there is no spiritual mother.
It's a very complicated thing that is
actually presented throughout the Towrah
and prophets,
something that we're just now beginning to
explore as to who Yahowah has positioned
throughout time to be the mother and
father parents.
of the covenant,
but that's a whole story in and of
itself,
which we're just beginning to understand.
It says, do not commit adultery.
Do not make a habit of committing
adultery.
Adultery is not having more than one
sexual partner because almost everyone in
God's story had multiple wives and many
had multiple sexual relations outside of
marriage.
So it has nothing to do with adultery
as it is.
prescribed today,
but instead an instruction to say that we
should not cheat on God by being
religious.
And, you know,
it goes on to talk about not making
a habit of killing, of stealing,
of bearing false witness, and of coveting.
And there is no
commandment among any of them.
They're all presented in the imperfect
conjugation,
which means that the moment we stop doing
any of these behaviors,
we are no longer guilty of the offense,
which is highly advantageous for us.
So it's don't make a habit of murder,
don't make a habit of an ongoing practice
of bearing false witness.
The
Fact of the matter is, however,
as Paul was referencing here,
that there was a commandment with
reference to living,
zo is the Greek word that he used.
There is no such thing.
First, there's no commandments.
And second of all,
there's none that reference living.
None.
It means that his point here is based
on what's called a straw man in debate
parlance.
It's a rational fallacy.
You create an artificial construct to
attack, and that's what he's doing here.
And as a man who was brought up
as a rabbinical student,
he would have known that there was no
reference to a commandment regarding
living.
Which means that this was deliberate
fraud.
He was deliberately lying to his audience.
And he got by with it because he
was writing to whom?
Romans.
Do you think the Romans knew anything
about the Towrah?
No, but they understood Gratia.
They did understand Gratia.
The gospel of grace would have appealed to
them because the graces were those cute
little naked girls that like to party and
have sexual affairs with all manner of
wealthy men.
They would have known all about the gratia
and Paul's gospel of grace.
They would have known that.
Did they know the Towrah?
Of course not.
So he was writing to people who he
knew were completely ignorant of the
subject that he was speaking,
which means he was in a position
to lie to them without their awareness.
But you shouldn't be stupid today.
You should take the time to recognize that
Paul lied.
This is his premium letter.
This is his number one letter.
This is the one that he wrote to
his overlords.
He claimed to be a Roman.
This was written to the Romans.
This was an ode to Rome.
And he is overtly lying and committing a
rational fallacy.
So he is also saying beyond the straw
man that he died.
Well, all evidence to the contrary,
he couldn't have finished his letter if he
died.
He couldn't have even started this letter
if he had died.
He wasn't dead.
He said, well, he died symbolically.
What does that mean?
He died symbolically.
If you can't baffle them with brilliance.
Baffle them with the BS?
Exactly.
Dazzle them with your brilliance.
Baffle with BS.
He didn't die.
He's lying.
And he's saying that it was the Towrah's
commandment on living that caused him to
die.
So if we were to play along with
him, when God, in his own accord,
with his own finger,
I mean, God doesn't have a finger,
but nonetheless,
he etched in stone these two tablets.
And on these tablets that he wrote himself
for us to have,
he actually wrote them twice because
Moshe...
Broke the first one?
Broke the first set.
But the second set still exists.
It happens to be inside the Ark of
the Covenant.
And within a matter of years,
that Ark of the Covenant is going to
be brought out of its secure location.
And those two tablets are going to be
held up for all to see.
We'll get a chance to see God's
penmanship.
I'm hoping that he actually wrote in the
earliest paleo Hebrew script so that the
instructions are discernible even to those
who aren't literate.
And what I mean by that is that
that earliest Hebrew script is a
pictographic script where the letters
almost all depict either human qualities
or
things that humans would use in their
daily lives.
And therefore,
you could come to understand the first
letter Aleph is both a ram and a
bull.
The Beth is a home.
So the letters all depicted things that we
can relate to.
The yod is a hand,
an open hand reaching down and out to
us.
A kaf would be a palm.
An ein would be an eye.
So all of these letters had definite
meaning to us in the way they were
drawn.
And when we see them,
we are going to know, yes, Paul lied.
Now, you don't have to do that,
wait for that,
because of the Dead Sea Scrolls,
these statements that Yahowah etched in
stone are not only presented in Shemowth,
the book now known as Exodus,
it actually means names,
that should be your first clue, Sherlock,
that there's
There's a name in there that's really,
really important for you to know,
like Yahowah,
that name that is erased from the
Christian New Testament,
proving that it didn't come from Yahowah.
I'm just trying to be reasonable with you
now, folks,
helping you think this one through.
Now, in that,
these ten statements are presented there.
They're also represented in the book of
Dabarym.
So both places you can look and we
have the Dead Sea Scrolls collections
covering both of them dating back.
Three hundred years before the events
played out in thirty three C.E.
and literally five centuries before the
Christian New Testament was codified.
And
there is no commandment with reference to
living and oh by the way the commandments
are the ten statements that were etched in
stone say nothing about killing anyone
other than the one that says you should
not make a practice of killing so if
you want to know about what it says
about dying which is what Paul claimed it
did it says don't do that
So you can't claim it killed you when
the only statement regarding death says,
don't do that.
I had a good friend of mine,
one of my very, very closest friends,
was speaking at the program we did
yesterday and said,
this is such a comprehensive refutation
and inarguable refutation against
Christianity.
And it's so easy to do.
Why haven't there been millions of people
who have done this previously?
There's been a lot of rational,
smart people that could read, write,
that were articulate,
that understood the rules of logic,
that could have done exactly what I'm
doing.
Why haven't they?
Are they just afraid?
They're afraid.
Absolutely.
Thomas Jefferson's a great example.
He understood enough to know this was all
bullshit.
He was afraid to publish what he wrote.
Yeah,
Thomas Jefferson had a equivalent to an
adopted son.
And many of his letters were to this
younger man.
And he was trying to share wisdom with
him,
and he wrote in one of his letters
that Paul was the first person to corrupt
the message of said character, Jesus.
And what he recognized is that what Paul
wrote and what is attributed now to gospel
Jesus are completely incompatible.
And that's true.
It is completely incompatible.
But what he wrote subsequently is even
more interesting because what he did is he
thought that the message that was
attributed to this character, Jesus,
was interesting and that Paul's was
totally corruptive.
So he had his version of the New
Testament that had only some of the
sayings without any of the miracles of
this character now known as Jesus.
didn't have the materials that we have
available to us to demonstrate that Jesus
never existed.
I'm certain that if Jefferson had put his
mind to it,
had the same tools that I have to
work with and prioritized coming to know
who Yahowah is and what he had to
say,
that he would have beat me to all
of these conclusions by by two hundred
years.
But he had other interests and didn't
pursue this to that extent.
But he wrote to his this young man
that he had sent the letter to says,
don't under any circumstance share what
I’m giving to you with anyone that drives
to your point do not do that this
is because if you were to share this
or it were to get out that I
have made these conclusions even though I
am certain of them that they would run
me out of town and kill me so
even in the Americas
where there was supposed to be separation
of church and state.
Jefferson knew that the truth was deadly.
And maybe that's the reason why there have
been so few people that dared accuse the
Christian New Testament,
and particularly Paul,
of being a scandalous defrauder and liar.
is that for most of the time it
was a death sentence.
They would not only kill you,
they would torture you.
They would defame you,
kill you for telling the truth because,
well, the lie has been very,
very profitable to a lot of people.
But it still is astounding that today
there would be influencers like a Charlie
Kirk integrating
his religion, his Jesus religion,
when there was no such person as a
Jesus,
when Paul is obviously telling lies,
and support for a rapist,
pedophile president that's literally the
embodiment of Satan.
And they have these church services with
their little crosses honoring this man who
was an influencer on behalf of the
integration of the MAGA pedophile loving
false Messiah Trump with their precious
Jesus.
That's how just revolting we are.
And he was supposed to be a smart
Christian.
What about the dumb ones?
Well, they're controlling the dumb ones.
The other guys are in it for the
financial benefit and the power.
That is true.
There's no question that's true.
So anyway, this whole statement...
is insane so uh so then I died
no he didn't uh was uh uh when
was found uh and me the commandment with
reference to living there is no such thing
and the uh ten statements actually say you
shall not kill as opposed to you're dead
this brought death Romans seven ten is an
absolute piece of trash
For indeed, gar, this evil sin.
So he is calling Yahowah's ten statements
sin.
He's calling what God etched in his own
hand deadly.
So here is a man who is admitting
that he's a sexual pervert,
which he did in this diatribe,
who is guilty of violating every rational
fallacy, at least all the major ones.
And
who has made up an imaginary man-God,
an Iosu christu,
that is positioning himself as the lone
spokesperson for this imaginary God,
claiming that the actual God who he will
use to justify the creation of his pretend
God is evil.
That's what he's saying here.
What God wrote is evil.
If what God wrote for us to follow
and learn from,
to conduct our lives around is evil,
then he's evil.
That's what he's saying.
Yeah, you don't like it.
I'm, you know, duff.
For indeed,
this evil took hold of this opportunity.
Well, the opportunity what?
He says he was dead.
What opportunity is that?
You're a dead man, you're dead.
There is no opportunity once you're dead.
Okay,
let's say that Paul wasn't really very
good at storytelling.
That maybe it took advantage of the
opportunity before he was dead.
But what opportunity was there?
We're talking about the ten statements
that Yahowah etched in stone.
And he's saying that this evil sin of
these commandments took the opportunity
through the commandment to thoroughly
deceive and to completely beguile me.
And so through it, it killed.
Now,
I'm just here to tell you,
I know God pretty well.
We have a great working relationship.
I treat him as my dad.
He treats me as a son.
We have a great working relationship.
We've been working together side by side
now for twenty four and a half years.
I've written twenty,
thirty five books that include my own
amplified translations of his testimony
from the oldest extant sources,
which would be the Dead Sea Scrolls.
I've written twenty five thousand pages of
those translations and analysis of them
and deduced tens of thousands of
previously unheralded insights from them.
I know them pretty well.
In fact,
I would go out on a limb and
say I know Yahowah better than anyone in
the last twenty five hundred years and
maybe better than anyone for a lot longer
than that.
I'm in a pretty good position to tell
you God's response to this kind of stuff.
And when somebody claims, as Paul did,
to speak for him,
and then says this kind of rubbish,
that they're not going to get an express
ticket to hell.
Paul is not yet in Sheowl.
And the reason for that is that Paul
is going to be berated by me and
the Son of God, Dowd, prior to that,
and he is going to endure seven times
recompense.
for all of the harm that he caused
billions of people,
not only robbing them of their souls,
but for creating a religion that
dehumanized and demonized Jews because he
blamed Jews for being the enemies of his
new religion and for killing his God.
And so the consequence of that is going
to deserve seven times retribution before
his sorry soul gets locked up in Sheowl.
So I'm gonna read what he wrote again.
And as I do it, I'll tell you,
it turns my stomach.
And the very fact, again,
that this is the centerpiece of Paul's
fourteen letters in Romans,
right in the heart of Romans.
and that that's the heart of the Christian
New Testament.
It's very inception.
It's founder.
And it says such nonsense.
It tells me that people are genuinely
stupid.
That's just the bottom line.
To believe that there was a Jesus Christ,
and that he is your savior,
and that Paul spoke for him,
and that the New Testament came from God,
and that there are prophecies regarding
the imaginary Jesus Christ in the Towrah
and prophets, you have to be ignorant,
irrational, and grotesquely immoral.
And the word for that is stupid.
For indeed, this evil sin, evil sin,
took hold of this opportunity through the
commandment,
through the very statement that he is
attributing to the God he claims he's
speaking on behalf of,
through the commandment to thoroughly
deceive and to completely beguile me.
It's called projection.
When you're a piece of crap, like,
for example,
the President of the United States,
and you are a sexual pervert and
egomaniacal warmonger,
what you do is you blame everybody else
for who you are.
When you get caught red-handed in the
Epstein files, you say,
I don't know Epstein, but boy,
Bill Clinton, man,
he is all over the Epstein files.
You project.
You said, well, you know,
there's that slimy author that's
associated with the far left and they
created this plot long ago with Epstein
and it's all their fault.
These files aren't real.
They're just a leftist plot.
Aren't they the same people that are
praising their religion?
Yeah.
Maduro,
he was a con man and a thief
and a drug smuggler when Trump is the
pirate and murderer and drug smuggler and
the con man.
I mean, it's projection.
What you're doing here is Paul is a
beguiling,
deceiving piece of trash who is deluding
unscrupulously and methodically cheating
everyone who has a Bible and thinks that
the New Testament is godly and inspired.
He has deceived you.
He has beguiled you.
He has enticed you.
He has deluded you.
He has methodically cheated you of your
soul.
And yet he is describing all of that
to the God he says authorized him to
be the lone apostle to the world.
Rationally,
just trying to keep it simple for you.
There is what's called a zero percent
possibility that Paul told the truth
when he said that this God who he
is just now saying that in his ten
statements that he etched in stone,
that he took an opportunity to thoroughly
deceive and completely beguile Paul,
that that same God chose Paul to demean
him and slander him in this way.
Now, that is an absolute impossibility.
The God who wrote the ten statements could
not have been the spirit that asked Paul
to attribute deception and beguiling
enticements and delusions,
unscrupulous cheating on the statements
that he wrote.
and possibility you you cannot there is no
set of circumstances where that's possible
that Paul could have been appointed as the
exclusive witness to the world on behalf
of the god who Paul is calling
unscrupulous systematically enticing
method methodolically uh cheating and
killing
You don't really need any more evidence
than that.
Just that alone, if you are an informed,
rational person,
means you can no longer be a Christian.
And to promote your myth of your Jesus
Christ and your Holy Bible and your
Scripture says and your New Testament,
after knowing that,
means that you are discarding evidence and
reason for faith.
I'll read it again from beginning to end
without commentary,
although it's hard to do because every
statement, every part of it is untrue.
For indeed,
this evil sin took hold of this
opportunity through the commandment to
thoroughly deceive and completely beguile
me.
And so through it, it killed me.
Me, me, me, me, me.
Lie, lie, lie, lie, lie.
yeah the psychopathic narcissist is a
paranoid whatever everybody else is
thinking about it um the medical term is
confabulation
It's what I call Donald Trump.
Confabulation is the condition when there
is a limited,
tenuous connection between what a person
believes and says and reality.
So with Donald Trump,
as it was with Paul,
there is a very thin connection,
sometimes non-existent connection,
between what they say and reality called
confabulation.
Donald Trump is a confabulator.
Most of what comes out of his mouth
is, in fact, untrue.
Now, he may believe it to be true.
It doesn't change the fact that his line
is called confabulation.
Paul, of course,
did not believe any of this.
Paul is just flat out pulling off a
fraud.
He was demon possessed.
He was speaking for Satan.
He was pulling off a fraud.
Donald Trump is also demon possessed.
He is the person that the prophets have
spoken of that would be the whore of
Babylon, the great betrayer.
He is the man whose ego and
sexual perversions and his bombastic
deadly diatribes are going to bring the
world to its knees his goal is to
be the dictator of the world he is
the person that Christians have been
trying to ascertain as the antichrist he's
at and as I have said and I
made this point emphatic
at least fifteen years ago,
that when we finally determine who that
individual is, and now I have,
I determined that over a year ago and
have written a book proving it called Time
of Trouble.
It's volume nine of the series free at
YadaYah.com.
If you want to check my evidence and
rationale as I demonstrate that this is
conclusive,
that Donald Trump is the great betrayer.
that he is the Satan incarnate,
that he is literally demon possessed.
Go to YadaYah.com,
ninth volume of the YadaYah series,
Time of Trouble,
and you will find proof of that.
But what I said long ago before I
wrote that volume is that when this
individual appears,
Christians will flock to him.
They will look at him as being a
Messiah figure.
They will view him as the second coming
of the non-coming of Jesus Christ.
And that's exactly how they perceive
Trump.
MAGA Christians are devoted to this man.
They worship this man.
And so what we're witnessing among MAGA
Christians today in their praise of the
sexual pervert and
deadly demagogue that is Donald Trump is
exactly what Paul sought to achieve.
And it is exactly as I had said,
that there will be a very little
difference between these two men.
And that if you want to understand the
persona and the strategy of the person who
appears as the Antichrist,
as this living embodiment of the
adversary,
Just look at Paul's words and deeds.
He will be a spitting image of Paul.
And we know this because Paul,
like Muhammad,
was admittedly demon possessed.
And this is the consequence.
And both of them integrated politics and
religion.
Both of them were exceedingly deadly.
Both of them promoted themselves.
There really is very little difference
between Paul and Muhammad and Donald
Trump.
There is a point to all of this.
Not only can we absolutely and irrefutably
disprove the credibility of the Christian
New Testament,
but we can also give you a window
from which you can understand the very
motivations and the consequence
of Donald Trump as he impersonates Paul
and Muhammad.
So,
proving that he was wholly beguiling and
completely delusional,
the unscrupulous and illogical one,
after systematically attacking the
purportedly enslaving and murderous Towrah
and its supposedly evil and deadly
commandment, he wrote,
So as a result,
this affirms that the Towrah is holy,
and also the commandment is worthy of
veneration, also good.
What I've just said is evil, corrupting,
and what he said killed him,
that it was God's way of being
disingenuous and deceitful towards him.
He says, in this way,
The Towrah is sacred.
It's holy.
And also the commandment is worthy of
veneration.
So he's saying that it deceived him.
It killed him.
All right.
So he's had two statements that said it
was the commandment that deceived him.
and the commandment that killed him.
And in this way, as a result,
this affirms that the commandment and the
Towrah from which it came are worthy of
veneration and good.
What he's saying is what's worthy of
veneration and good is deception and
death.
Now,
who would you think would be an advocate
of deception and death?
Let me think.
Satan?
Satan is an advocate of deception and
death.
So after saying that it's the Towrah that
deceived him and killed him,
he's saying that the Towrah and its
commandments should be venerated because
that's good.
Deception and death.
It wasn't a mistake.
It wasn't bad, bad, bad.
Oh, good, good.
No, it's bad is good.
That is what he's saying here.
He's not saying the Towrah is good.
He's saying in this way,
when it can be perceived that the Towrah
is deadly and deceptive,
that that's worthy of veneration.
Romans seven,
now that's the entirety of it.
We've gone through one through twelve.
Thirteen.
Now, the other reason he says that
It's the same reason that you read things
in the Quran where there are twenty things
in a row that are just devastatingly evil,
untrue, ridiculous, absurd.
And then there will be a statement that
says, oh, and Allah is merciful.
Go kill for Allah, murder for Allah.
Women have no rights.
The terror is good.
Stealing is lawful and good.
And Allah is merciful.
The idiot can say, no,
Allah is not a terrorist,
even though he claims to be a terrorist.
Allah is not deadly,
even though he claims that he is deadly.
Allah is not sadistic,
even though he spends all of his time
in hell,
torturing people throughout the Quran.
Muhammad's not a bad guy,
even though it's shown that he was a
rapist and a pedophile and a mass
murdering thug that was involved in human
trafficking because Allah is kind.
So you throw the last line in and
you've just had eleven statements that
trash the Towrah and it's ten statements.
And then you throw the last line in
so that people can say, well,
he was an anti-Towrah.
He just said the Towrah is worthy of
veneration.
So there you go.
Context.
Please.
It is how you fool fools.
Paul was stupid,
but the people he wrote to and who
believe him are obviously stupider still.
And if nothing else,
by praising what he has invested the
previous eleven statements destroying,
the religious can now assert with reckless
abandon that Paul actually supports the
Towrah.
If that is not enough to make your
head spin and your stomach queasy, Paul,
after contradicting God,
is now contradicting himself.
But no, what he's doing is he's,
I had eleven statements that trashed
God that trashed the Towrah and that
trashed the Ten Statements he etched in
stone, calling them deceptive and deadly.
And he even called them imprisoning,
that they were controlling to the point of
depriving people of free will,
the woman in this case.
So the Towrah is controlling,
it lords over people,
it deprives them of their free will,
it deceives them, it beguiles them,
and it kills them.
And then he says the Towrah is worth
a veneration in this way.
So what he's really saying is,
so long as we can misconstrue the Towrah
as deadly and controlling and deceitful,
then let's venerate that.
Sadly, as I said,
this all reminds me of the Quran where
Allah tells you that there should be no
compulsion in religion.
So they, you know, Muslims say,
no compulsion in religion.
So, you know,
everything you say about submit or die,
that's wrong because Allah says there's no
compulsion in religion.
Well, the next breath,
he orders Muslims to kill all non-Muslims
in addition to any Muslim who rejects the
Islamic religion.
That kind of contradiction manages to fool
the foolish.
But perhaps even in the swirling tornadic
winds of circular reasoning,
there is an explanation for Paul's
conclusion whereby he negated his own
ridiculous rant.
Maybe it was good from his perspective
that the Towrah killed him.
That way he could present himself as
rising from the dead.
just like his resurrected man-God,
so that he now serves as the Savior,
especially now that the Towrah has schooled
him in all manner of unscrupulous methods
of beguiling and deceit,
and of the latter he was now Lord
and Master.
there has always been an unspoken and a
noble aspect of Christianity that Romans
seven seems to foster.
The old God,
the God of the old system died,
which is why his witness was relegated to
an Old Testament.
and why his words are no longer considered
relevant.
Laying the foundation for this myth,
Paul has the husband in this metaphor that
began two programs ago, maybe three,
who is a metaphor for Yahowah,
applies to himself in relation to both
Yisrael and the covenant.
Therefore, Israel dies, the covenant dies.
Thereby,
it frees believers from the deceased deity
So they have now an opportunity to have
a new God.
But men kill him.
Can't be much of a God, is he?
Well, nonetheless,
let's not get into the details.
Well, wait a minute.
That's the whole crux of the religion,
that God was a man,
not much of a God.
And then men killed God.
But Paul said that those dastardly Jews,
they killed his God.
Should that have been the case,
you ought to be worshiping the Jews.
Christians will of course deny that their
religion killed God,
but they will admit that the religious
killed their God.
But there is no denying that they treat
God as if he were dead.
From the Christian perspective,
Yahowah was replaced by Jesus Christ,
a man they also claim was killed by
men, Jews no less.
And in the process,
A real and rewarding relationship with God
devolved into swimming in the cesspool of
one man's perverted imagination.
All right.
That was fun, wasn't it?
It's so ridiculous.
It's so easily disproved.
I know.
It's so obviously false.
I mean,
there is nothing there to hold your hat
onto.
There's nothing to say, oh, well,
I can find something good in that.
No, there's nothing.
I mean,
it's like searching a cesspool for turds
and saying,
I'm going to find one that doesn't stink.
All polished up.
No.
Okay.
When we were last in Galatians,
which was the founding book,
this is the cornerstone of the Christian
New Testament, we found Paulos,
by the way,
now he has changed his name because he
has admitted and Yahowah knows that his
actual name is Sha'uwl because Yahowah,
six hundred and sixty-six years prior to
Paul, now Sha'uwl, writing his first letter,
called Sha'uwl up by name and said he
was the plague of death.
So anyway,
he wants you to believe that he is
now Apollos because, well,
it sounds similar to Apollos, I assume.
Apollos, an apostle.
Now,
I don't know how one claims that you're
an apostle.
Is there any place in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms
that speaks of an apostle?
No, no.
So how can you claim that you're speaking
for God and call yourself an apostle as
if this was an appointed title from God
when there is no reference anywhere to an
apostle in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms?
He made it up.
Oh, that's true.
Like his name.
Exactly.
Paulos, an apostle, not from men,
not even by the means of man,
which is an absolute lie.
He was equipped to do this job because
he was trained as a rabbi.
But, you know, it's like Donald Trump.
He's only lying when his fingers move the
quill or his mouth opens.
All other times, he's not lying.
He's thinking about lying.
It's the only line when he's writing,
texting the case of the Donald or opening
his mouth.
So Apollos, an apostle.
Not that that term should mean anything to
anybody.
Not from men.
That's an absolute lie.
He was trained as a rabbi.
Not even by the means of man.
He was religious.
So that's not true either.
But contrary, on behalf of Iosu christu.
Well...
There was no Uusu Christu in the first
century.
So he could not have been speaking for
Ieosu Christu.
None.
There was nobody by anywhere close to that
name in the first century Judea.
Not even a hint of somebody by that
name.
There is no evidence that anybody by that
name ever existed in Judea.
So he could not have been on behalf
of an Ieosu Christu.
Impossible.
And
Ieosu is not a Hebrew name,
which means he could not have been someone
that was foretold in the Towrah prophets.
Christu is not a Hebrew name either.
There are no Hebrew names where you have
a first name followed by a last name.
That is not the Hebrew style.
The Hebrew style is like Yahowsha ben Nun,
Moshe's successor.
He was Yahowsha, Yahowah saves, son of Yahowah.
Nun, the infinite one.
So there is no naming convention like
this.
Then you want to say, well,
Christou is a title.
Then it should have gone before the Ieosu.
It'd be Christou Ieosu.
But Ieosu is not a Hebrew name and
Christou is not a Hebrew title.
Matter of fact, Christou is from Christos,
which is the application of drugs.
And so if you're speaking of somebody that
was previously called out,
then you'd have to use one of the
terms that Yahowah used to speak of those
who would convey his message.
And there's Basar, herald.
There's Nakar, observant foreigner.
There's Choter, stem off the main branch.
There is Yada, one who knows.
There are lots of titles that God has
used to describe those,
That are one who would speak for him.
And apostolos, not one of them.
And there is no mention anywhere.
I mean,
I've said this a bunch of times.
A billion dollars.
If you can find someplace in the Towrah,
Prophets,
and Psalms where there is a prediction of
an arriving Iosu Christu.
Because there is no mention anywhere in
the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms of an Ieosu, Ieosus, or Ieosun.
Of a Christos, Christu, or Christun.
None.
Anywhere.
And all the prophecies that are ascribed
to him were stolen from Dowd.
And they speak of Dowd.
Who was actually the son of God and
the Messiah and the returning king and our
savior.
So this is not just an imaginary story.
It's like the story of the Iliad and
the Odyssey.
It's a clever story about paganism and all
of this sort of thing and men off
fighting wars, the Greeks and the Trojans,
and then coming back and sailing the
stormy seas of pagan religious lore.
Yeah, you can tell that story.
It's a lovely story.
And what was well written,
Homer became famous for his story.
And he used all the Greek gods and
goddesses of the day to make his story
seem real and integrated parts of his
story with actually two civilizations that
did fight a battle with one another.
But in this case,
he just made up all of this.
I mean,
just as there may have been somebody named
Odysseus, there was no one named Iosu.
Odysseus was at least a Greek name.
Iosu is not a Hebrew name.
Christo is not a Hebrew title.
There was no such person.
And then he says, and the God.
And the God doesn't know his name.
If you don't know and use Yahowah's name,
you do not know him.
You do not speak for him.
Father of the one having roused and
awakened him out of a lifeless corpse.
So I guess Paul wasn't the only one
that was killed.
I used to crease too.
Of the God, of the Father.
He was aroused out of a lifeless corpse.
Now, why would you do that?
What is the purpose of having a bodily
resurrection?
I mean,
I'm fairly familiar with the story of
Passover.
Does the lamb ever come back and say,
hey, I'm back?
No.
What does the Towrah say about the Passover
lamb after it's fulfilled the purpose of
Passover,
which is to provide a lovely meal for
the people?
Burn up the leftovers.
You incinerate the leftovers so there can
be no bodily resurrection.
In fact,
the Passover lamb is killed as a symbol
of providing life for those that are
nourished by it.
Correct?
Yep.
Its purpose is to give life,
not to come back to life.
So there is a zero percent possibility
that the God of the father raised an
imaginary person with a Greek name and a
Greek title who never existed from out of
a lifeless corpse because myths don't have
corpses and it doesn't fit anything,
anything that he said.
Complete and utter fabrication.
And these were his first words.
This is Galatians one, one.
This is the opening crescendo of the most
popular religion in the world.
And every word of that is a lie.
Every single word.
And all of the brothers.
Now, what brothers?
He doesn't have any brothers.
First of all, he has no brothers.
And symbolically, he is a Jew.
And the Jews all rejected him because they
knew he was lying.
So he can't be talking to the brothers.
And who is he talking to?
The Greeks?
They're not his brothers.
Is he talking to the Romans?
He's writing this letter to Galatia.
No Romans up there.
And he's a Roman citizen because of his
daddy's situation.
But he's got no brothers.
I mean, it makes it sound like,
you know,
I got a friend in my pocket and
so I'm not lonely.
Like Harvey the rabbit to the brothers.
There were no brothers.
You know,
when Paul will say early in this letter,
You know, what's wrong with you?
You all just stupid.
You know, when I was there,
you believed me.
And then the moment I left,
you turned on me and disregarded
everything I had to say.
Are you that stupid?
So why is,
who's he talking about brothers?
He's writing the Galatians who,
in just a matter of a sentence or
two, he's going to say, you're stupid.
You're ignorant.
You're dummies for rejecting me.
So don't buy into it.
There were no brothers with me.
He's got no brothers with him.
He doesn't have a brother.
To the called out, to the ekklesia.
And ekklesia has been changed to church.
How do you get church out of ekklesia?
Do you know what the words ek and
ekklesia mean in Greek?
Ek means out.
And ekklesia is to call out.
My car is to call out.
So it's been changed from you have two
options in translating.
I've been doing it now for twenty four
years.
I'm fairly familiar with the craft.
And when you see a word and another
language,
if it is a name or a title
or a word,
you are locked into a very strict
protocol.
If it is a word,
you must render its meaning in the other
language.
So for example,
if you are rendering ekklesia,
you cannot replace it by church.
It says that you're violating the rules of
translation.
If it's just a word,
you would have to replace it by what
the word says, called out.
Now, if it is a title,
your responsibility is to replicate the
sound of that title.
It's called transliteration in the other
language while conveying its meaning.
So it would say to the ekklesia,
which means called out.
That would be the way that you would
handle it if it's a title.
If it's a name,
you strictly say of the ekklesia and you
leave it at that.
And your notes, you can say,
by the way,
ekklesia is from Ekk and ekklesia means
out and called.
But to replace it with church is
disingenuous.
It's fraud.
Now, church,
the closest thing to it didn't exist.
There was nothing close to it in Greek.
So it stayed as ekklesia while the text
was Greek.
It only changed during the time that it
was being popularized by the Roman
Catholic Church.
And at that time,
they were trying to impose the religion on
the shattering Roman Empire.
the most influential people in it at that
time were the barbarians,
particularly their Germanic tribes.
And the Germanic tribes had a very popular
goddess that was known throughout the
Roman empire.
Her name was Church.
Uh, from Church,
we get the English word circuit, uh,
circle, and circuit.
So all of those things come from,
and circus, circus.
All of those things come from church.
She was the daughter of Helios,
who was the pagan god of the sun
and the Germanic religion.
That's the origins of church.
So if you have a church,
You are the daughter of the sun god
of the Germanic pagan religion.
Congratulations.
Well, when you're recruiting pagans,
a little familiarity sells.
Always helps.
So you need to know that the word
isn't church.
It was changed to church.
And by changing to church,
all they did was amalgamize the pagan
religion of the day into your scriptures.
of the ekklesia, of the Galatians,
Galatians.
That's Galatians one, two.
Grace, it was the Greece,
that's the translation.
The actual name is Cherish.
Cherish are the charities.
They are the three very happy,
very party hardy,
naked three young women who were into
sexual promiscuity and parties and
carousing and they do all sorts of
nefarious little things.
So he is now introducing himself
under the gratia or the charis,
which are the charities of the pagan Greek
and Roman religion,
and not just ordinary goddesses.
These are fornicators here.
You're a little happy party on sexually
attractive naked girls.
Grace, cherish to you.
When Yahowah says that when identifying a
false prophet,
he says they speak in the name of
other gods.
Guilty.
They don't speak in my name.
They are not appointed by me.
In other words,
you won't find a reference to their title
in the Towrah, Prophets, and Psalms.
Guilty.
They say things that are contrary to my
message.
Guilty.
They make predictions of the future that
don't come true.
Paul only had one prophecy was about his
rapture and he missed it by just two
thousand years.
Well,
plus the fact he had the wrong day
of the year.
He had his on trumpets, Taruwah,
as opposed to Shabuwah.
And he was off on the timing by,
well,
he said it was going to happen in
his lifetime,
would have to be by sixty six.
And it's going to happen in twenty thirty
three.
Yeah,
so it's not quite two thousand years.
Grace to you and peace, Irene.
Not Shalowm.
He could have said Shalowm because most
everybody would have known it.
It was the most common word in Hebrew
and known throughout the region,
just as Shalowm is known throughout the
world today.
And it would mean reconciliation, but no,
he used the Greek, Irene, peace.
From Theos.
So he says,
I'm speaking on behalf of God.
Now, God doesn't say, all right.
He says, Shalowm.
And he knows what it means.
And he doesn't convey through people who
do not know his name.
And this is Theos again.
God, father of us.
No.
He is not the God of you.
He is not the father of you.
He has not only,
I can't say actually disowned you because
he never owned you.
He didn't reject you because he never had
you.
But on the list of those that God
finds the most appalling in all of human
history,
the top of that list is the one
man that he called out by name to
say is the plague of death.
So rather than being the son of God,
with God being the father of us, Sha'uwl,
Paul,
is the one person that God goes out
of his way to condemn by name,
saying that he is the plague of death.
You think that's why he might have changed
his name?
You think maybe that is why he changed
his name.
But yet Paul was just like everything that
Satan does.
Satan is so convinced that people are
stupid, and he's typically proven right.
I mean, if you read Islam,
it's so obvious that Allah is Satan,
spends all of his time torrenting people
in hell, and he is completely dishonest.
It's obvious that Allah is Satan.
And it's just like...
I'm going to put it right out there.
I'm going to even admit that my prophet
is not a prophet and that I'm going
to say he's not a prophet.
And I'm going to admit that I spent
all of my time in hell and that
he's demon-possessed.
And just like in the New Testament,
Paul admits that he is controlled by a
messenger from Satan.
And so this is Satan saying...
People are so damn stupid that I'm going
to tell them exactly who I am,
and I'm going to tell you how I'm
using this piece of crap,
and they won't care.
They won't figure it out.
The majority of people will believe that
I'm God,
and they will pray to and worship and
bow down to me as the God Jesus
Christ.
Well, that's the one thing he got right.
He got that right.
People are stupid.
That's just the fact of the matter.
Um, so he is, uh,
playing people for fools here.
So you and peace from God,
father of us and Lord.
Uh,
Lord is not a title that God likes
applied to himself.
Um,
sometimes it's an honorary title it means
sir um uh but it's not a title
that he likes applied to himself uh and
Ieosu and christo never existed again he's
got the the title after the name uh
now that would be in um in what
um
was sometimes used,
at least with Julius Caesar,
it was that way.
So what he's playing off is the popularity
of Julius Caesar with Ieosus Christus,
but most of the others, it was,
Caesar, Augustus, for example,
they got the title in front of the
name.
It's the Shah of Iran.
It's Pharaoh Thutmose of the Exodus,
for example.
Titles typically go before names.
Mashyach as a title would go before the
name.
It's the Mashyach Dowd, for example.
So he has them reversed.
But he has them reversed for a purpose
because very people at this time were
particularly aware of a man who was
positioned post-mortem as a god.
I mean, Julius Caesar was an arrogant,
deadly piece of trash,
but a clever warrior.
After his death and the whole story on
how the Ides of March became so synonymous
with the festivals of the Roman Empire
later became the basis of Easter week for
Roman Catholicism.
And Julius Caesar's kind of retroactively
looked as a man-god,
which is why Augustus then declares that
he is both Pope and God.
So he's playing off the popularity and the
post-mortem deification of Julius Caesar.
And so it's Ieosus Christus.
And it was Julius Caesar was Ieosus Caesar.
So that's the reason why it's inverted
like this.
But again,
there was no person named Ieosu and no
title Christu in first century Judea.
Given himself on account of the sins of
us.
The purpose of the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym is not to give the Messiah,
who happens to be Dowd,
the very Son of God and our Savior,
on behalf of the sins of us.
Sin is a religious word.
It really has no basis in the Towrah,
prophets and Psalms.
I was a really wonderful young man,
a very,
very good friend of one of the most
devoted covenant members.
Jake O'Brien wrote a song and I'm about.
on me here in the Virgin Islands and
the roles that God is using to convey
his message through me.
And he spoke of the ,
which is this bloody red man of the
earth who serves as a productive bull as
the metaphor for the fulfillment of .
And he used the word perfect before the
,
maybe because it fit the cadence of what
he was doing.
And so I'm immediately, I start to cringe
because of the religious perception of
perfect.
So I said, you know this,
I need to do this anyway.
So this morning,
I'm going to look up and see how
God defines perfect.
Tamim, which is the plural of tamam.
The verb is tamam.
Verbs always in Hebrew define the nouns
and the noun is simply the plural
expression of the verb.
Tamam doesn't say perfect.
There's nothing even remotely akin to
perfect.
And the word and that's the only word
that's ever used in Hebrew that is
rendered as perfect is coming from
tomorrow.
What it means is finishes the job,
completes the mission,
is wholly devoted to the cause right to
the end.
It's the one thing God's been looking for
for the past six thousand years.
Ever since Adam gave up on engaging,
being observant, being responsive,
and being someone who could be relied
upon,
God has been searching for someone who
would just finish the damn job.
I mean, it's not that tough.
I just want you to see it through.
To some extent, Moshe finished the,
I mean, Noach finished the ark,
got on it.
People were,
his family were saved from the regional
flood there and the like.
And, you know, he has a nice story.
He said Noach listened to what he had
to say, did what he had asked,
and therefore he saved himself and the
eight souls on the ark.
And it's a lovely expression of what the
covenant represents.
and it was to remove them from the
fallen, the Naphylym,
because man had fallen and didn't know how
to get up.
So that's why God had the fresh start
there.
But, you know, the story is,
Derek tries to pick it up with Abraham,
but man, he did not see it through.
I mean,
even after all this that Yahowah did
through him,
he's still pimping out Sarah for sheepies.
And then you look at Yitschaq and Ya'aqob.
They didn't get it done either.
And the children of Yisrael,
they start off bad.
It's not that they didn't finish the job.
They start off bad.
You look at the Exodus when God's removing
them from Mitsraym,
and they're a mess even before they get
to Nuweiba Beach.
You know,
the Nuweiba Beach crossing of the Gulf of
Aqaba portion of the Red Sea on the
land bridge.
Even before they get to that,
they're saying, let's just go back.
We want to be back in Egypt.
And they finally get to the other side.
And the first thing they do is build
a damn golden calf and start being
religious.
And then they start giving Moshe lip.
And then they give Yahowah lip.
They tell Yahowah to shut up and go
away.
We never want to hear from you or
see you again.
And
Moshe then gave up.
He says, these people are impossible.
I don't want this damn job.
Would you just kill me?
That's what you call not seeing it through
to the end.
Finally, Yahowah said, listen,
I'll make this easier for you.
You don't have to get them into the
promised land.
Just get them to the promised land.
I got some guys that'll take it from
there.
And then Yahowah is all in with Dowd.
He is anointed.
He is my Messiah.
I'm calling him my son.
I am his father.
I'm giving him my spirit.
I'm anointing him to do this.
I'm positioning him as the king and leader
of my people.
I'm inspiring him as a prophet.
I'm all in with him.
And Dowd, I mean,
he gets to fifty-six years old and he
completely loses it.
Right now,
I'm translating the story of Bathsheba.
You want to claw your eyes out.
He couldn't get it done.
He got started at eight and the first
job was to go and take down the
giant.
Then he gets run all around the lot
by Sha'uwl,
harbinger of Sheowl of Sha'uwl to come and
by the time he becomes king he's marrying
in all the wrong places he's doing all
the wrong stuff and by the time he
reaches um he just completely loses it
He couldn't get it done.
Now, finally,
he gets a visitation from a couple of
people, an adoptive mother and father,
and they say, hey, kid,
we're here to tell you who you are
and what you need to do,
and you need to get your act together
and stop wallowing all over yourself now.
And we had a really rough talk with
him, and he shaped up,
and he did complete Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
But what God is saying is once,
just once,
can I get somebody to get to the
finish line?
That's what Tamym means.
Yeah, it's when you complete the job.
If you want to call that perfect,
then I'm here to tell you that I'm
going to be as perfect as you're going
to see in a long time because I'm
not giving up.
I'm going to see this job through no
matter how difficult it continues to be.
So anyway,
having given himself on account of the
sins,
and as I told you that
Hebrew has a very different portrayal of
what is rendered religiously as sin.
Because when you speak of sin,
what's the first thing you think of?
That you did stuff you shouldn't have
done.
You're a bad boy.
You fornicated or you had dreams of a
pretty girl or you stole somebody's lunch
money or you told a fib.
There is no such thing as a sin
in the Hebrew mindset.
When God talks about the kind of things
that are offensive, he uses Ra,
which means wrong and evil.
He uses Chatta’ah,
which means to misrepresent and to
mislead.
He uses Awon,
which means to corrupt and to pervert.
He uses pisha,
which means to engage in a revolt.
All of those concepts are religious in
nature, all of them.
They are not individual boo-boos.
They're all things that the religious do
to mislead people and to take them away
from God.
So this idea, the sins of us, no.
God's not interested in the sins of us.
He doesn't care that you stole Susie's
lunch money.
He doesn't give a crap if you told
Uncle Rich a lie.
But if you're religious and political and
conspiratorial...
And you're leading his people astray or
you're causing harm against his people
because of your malfeasance,
your misrepresentation,
and it has to be societal
misrepresentation.
It's the kind of stuff that Paul is
doing here,
creating a religion that demonizes his
people and leads people away from him.
So that is the ultimate form of
malfeasance that God is opposed.
And he can't resolve it.
Can't resolve it.
God can solve crimes of omission where you
have been misled and you stop.
where you have said things that are
untrue, but you stop.
But if you're actually aggressively
promoting religion and you do it
continuously,
God can't save you from yourself.
So anyway, this continues,
the one having given himself on account of
the sins of us,
we've said that doesn't exist,
so that he might possibly gouge or tear
out
us from the inflexible and unrelenting
circumstances of the old system.
He's saying that the purpose of his Iosu
Christu was to gouge us out,
to tear us out,
to rip us away from the Old Testament,
which is the sum total of all prophecy,
of all testimony from God.
Some total.
Matter of fact, Gabriel,
who is mistaken in Christianity to be an
angel, but is actually a man.
He can't be anything other than a man.
It's called a man twice by Daniel,
and the name means he's a man.
It's from Gabar,
which means a courageous man.
Gabriel, who is dove, tells Daniel,
That when he comes to fulfill the Pesach
and Matsah and Bikuwrym,
and he gives the exact date in thirty
three C.E.
that he's going to personally do this,
that that will be the end of prophecy.
There will be no more.
Which means God's not adding to his
revelation.
He's having me explain it to you,
but he's not adding to his revelation.
And so you cannot have a Christian New
Testament and a Messiah because the person
who is the Messiah said there will be
no more revelation.
He said it'll bring an end to prophecy.
Oops.
You know,
people just don't read or they just don't
think.
Both.
So he says it will bring an end
to the gouges out of,
tear us away from,
rip us away from that past inflexible and
unrelenting circumstances, the old system,
because Paul has a very flexible system.
But what I say today,
even if I contradict myself tomorrow,
but what I Paul say,
that's exceedingly flexible.
All you got to do is believe.
Believe what?
Well, I don't know.
Did you give us any reason to believe?
Well,
I lied a lot and committed a lot
of irrational fallacies.
And I never did quote the person I
said that I was speaking for.
And every time I quoted said, God,
I didn't know his name and I
misappropriated what he said and misquoted
him a hundred percent of the time.
So why would you believe such a person?
Are you out of your mind?
So the past and flexible,
unrelenting circumstances of that old
system, that would be the Old Testament.
That's Paul's right here in his first
letter.
He is in his first sentence,
and he's trashing the Old Testament,
creating the myth of an Old Testament.
It didn't exist prior to Paul.
That concept does not exist with God.
If you're talking about an Old and a
New Testament,
you're using terminology that does not
exist in the Towrah, Prophets,
and Psalms or come from God.
which is disadvantageous and harmful
trash, indeed, pornography.
I want to punch him just for that
long.
Oh, God,
I want to worse than punch him.
In opposition to and the desire and will
of the Theos God and the Father of
us.
He's saying that the Old Testament is in
opposition to
to his God and his father.
And it is because his God and father
happened to be Satan.
But the only way that sentence makes sense
is if your God is Satan.
That's Galatians one four.
I'll leave it there.
We'll pick up at this point in our
next edition of Twistianity here from the
Rainbow Studio.
It is a delight to be able to
share this with you and to show you
just how utterly stupid
It is to be a Christian.
You have to be completely ignorant and
irrational to believe any of this.
And you're welcome.
I'm delighted to be able to help you
out in this regard.
As I have said many times,
I killed Jesus.
And you're welcome.
Congratulations.